"And again, truly, I believe this means one of the very beautiful moments all of us through it
after having set the heavy, kind of like, years of the summers, in a whole being quite wonderful,
by the blessings of the lineage masters, and masters. I really want to thank you for the support of
the Sahaja members, love and kindness and devotion to the teacher, to the lineage, to the teaching.
And it's been one of the wonderful sessions and wonderful times. I'm so grateful and so thankful to
all of you.
And again, this time we focus on the Shedra practices, or Shedra, but this time we started more
like a ritual aspect of the Shedra, so that we can practice and use, apply that in basic things.
Of course, there are a lot of things in the ritual. Ritual is one of the very profound and very
dreamy.
And as long as it's also for the vast complexities and the details, very much, because it is a
lineage teaching.
Lineage teaching is not just "make up" as its homineness and kind of added these mini-constructions
as it suits with their own homineness.
But lineage starts with wisdom and compassion, from the Buddha samadabhadra, or the Vaidyadara, or
the Buddha Shaptamuni, to the Gurbel Mahasambha.
And then it is higher, a little bit added as modified, really according to the time and the
situation and the certain stresses.
But basically, the center column, the plaits, the energy and the blessings, all maintained, intact
and maintained, and intact, intact, since this teaching started from the Buddha,
to the Gurbel Mahasambha, all the way. And that's why lineage is very important.
We are connecting to the ongoing and uninterrupted lineage of the wisdom and compassion.
Compassion, we are really connecting to that. It's not just bits of the conception added with the
different these and that things.
Things and we are connecting and then kind of making up things as go and falling apart.
It is long lasting, deep, tall, standing, family and continuation, teaching and lineage that we are
connecting.
And that is what lineage is, and that is what ritual ceremonies, ceremonies and ritual is.
And that's why we have the opportunity to go deeper and acknowledge that and restructure our
knowledge and understanding of these teachings.
And as the great master Gurbel Mahasambha said, in that four connections, or as I translated, four
connections, all four relationships.
And the Tantra is connected to the sadness. So Tantra is connected.
What Tantra must be, essence meaning, reverb, or essence meaning of the Tantra, reverb by the
sadness.
So therefore sadness is very important.
According to Sadhana, again speaking about Sadhana, and the way he talks about very quiet practices
, practice Sadhana, I think we're quite detailed and thorough, nice one, that which is dravdha and
almanate.
It is, in a way, represented more about Sadhana.
That means the meaning and practice, philosophy, and how to, what are those.
I mean, he really went quite detailed, his story, everything.
That is Sadhana that you are learning, learning, and that is ready to practice.
And once you learn the Sadhana, or went the Sadhana, as Gurbel Mahasambha said, then Sadhana must
be connected with the ritual, ritual.
And that is, that this time we went, let alone, about ritual, ritual things.
Even though with the Sadhana, we went there, it, of course, all connected, is not something that
independently, singularly, isolated object.
All is connected, that's what it means, the four connections of our relationships.
So Sadhana is connected with the rituals.
When we speak about the rituals, there is many aspects, as he said.
Ritual is very vast in the deep, and then it is big.
But what we discussed? We discussed about the medallas, how to set up them.
Not just to set up the medallas, but how to function them, activate that medala.
That's what we discussed.
Otherwise, also in the dravdha, the almanate also mentioned about the medallas too.
True, but we went, very bit about how to set up that, how to carry, activate that.
That's what we discussed about the medallas.
Then, once we set up the medallas, then what is?
Then this is, second is for, then follow the Sadhana's.
Sadhana, then when the Sadhana comes, suggests that we do the offerings.
So this time, we discuss a little bit of offering, but this time more about the related offering,
is the medallas, that we discussed, that more about the medallas.
Again, we activated our medallas and negations, all medallas.
We discussed about medallas and gestures, just that whole aspect we discussed.
Custard and as well as mother in sadhana, that's what we need to know.
Then when it comes to the Sadhana, what is it?
Sadhana, the next stage is then the Dhanana Chakra Fist in the Sadhana.
And that again, which is not just discussed, but we also try to kind of activate that,
and perform that, carrying that duty, that responsibilities, and not just the idea,
not just theoretically, but we follow the lineage, they call it the lineage way, to do that.
Dhanana Chakra Fist.
Then along with that whole offering, all that, what is in the Sadhana teachings,
is that the Dhanana, Dhanas. So we discussed about the Dhanana.
We discussed about the Dhanana and the meaning of the Dhanana,
but not just only do we discuss the Dhanana and the meaning, but we learn, again, how to act with,
how to perform the Dhanana, not just theoretically, or just the idea, or just the knowledge,
where we actually act on the bone. So we, we learn bone with it.
So this means, we act on the ritual, and we act on the leg, such as Mudras and the Dhanana Chakra,
and as well as bones. So that means, we are drool, yogini, and yoginis of the drools of the
ceremony,
in the full functioning status, not just only on the book, not just only on the knowledge,
as knowledge, but really we apply that, and that's what we try to do, and that's what we learn.
And that we are followed with this, again, as Murpema Sama said, the ritual is connected with the
lineage.
We went according to lineage and struggles, that's what I learned from the great Masters.
Masters, since I was young, young, I had the great opportunity, or I'm the one of also,
the pissed persons, that I had so many great beings that had opportunity,
sustained close by them, with them, day and night in one way. When I reflected back those times,
I'm one of the really beautiful and very lucky persons. True, I believe, and I was, I am.
And I, what I learned, according to my capabilities, through the examples then,
and through the looking then, and through just watching me with them, as what I learned,
and then, as what I learned with my, also with your effort, from them, specifically,
and struggling, that's what I learned. And I put all that together, in my best capabilities,
and shared with you all, or offered you all, that's what, so in the lineage speaking there.
Actually, in the teaching always, as you read, read in the teachings, always so important in the
teachings, it's important to find the qualified teachers. First, the most important is to find
the qualified teachers. But second, in the teachings, once you find the qualified teacher,
it's so important to be expert, to contact with that qualified teacher. That means to keep up the
relationship, something that is so important. So the second is important, is to keep the
relationship,
or to contact, be expert, to be, communicate, in contact, that's what in the teaching always says.
Once you have the expert in that, then in the teaching said, you should be expert to learn
of the way the masters, the qualified masters, perform, say, it's not maybe verbally talking
all the time, in reading all the time in the books, but be with them in what you learned.
In that contrast, I had those old great opportunities, and I learned what I know,
know, and now what I need is I need more practice. To apply that, we all need that. But that's what
according to this lineage, that's what went with this lineage, and then as Murugamma Sama said,
in that portal, and then the bit instructions. Lineage is connected with the bit instructions
of the teaching, and I had that opportunity too, too, and that's what I presented to you,
or I offer you. I met according my cover bullet, according our time frames, time of the situation,
time for a little bit, and I did that. So in that contrast, I had again, I and we all had one of
the
great opportunities. Be together, learn that bit, and do all those things, not just only as
knowledge
and just in the book, but we acted on that, on that, and that's how we should maintain and keep
our lineage teachings, and it is integrity, quality, authenticity, and beauty, and love,
with the love and the joy and the devotion in ourselves. So that's what we did this time.